npm i -D tailwind postcss
=> Postcss is a tool for transforming CSS with JS.
npx tailwind init = initialize our project with tailwind & created a tailwind.config.js

postcsssrc is used to understand Tailwind.So, that our project will understand what is written inside our project with Tailwind.

We will write only this 3 lines
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
and we will never maintain a separate CSS file for styling.

we use className in Tailwind for applying CSS.

for width we use className="w-8" / className="w-[250px]"(for hard-coded value) / className="w-3/12" ( So, w-3/12 is equivalent to setting the width of the element to 25% (since 3/12 simplifies to 1/4, and 1/4 is 25%). This class is commonly used to create responsive layouts by adjusting the width of elements based on the size of the viewport.)

===> Tailwind Intellisence(extension) -- for auto suggestion/completion.( hover on className & we will know about that class)( Sometimes it doesn't work (suggestion doesn't come )so at that time press Ctrl+Space Bar)

Taiwind CSS have both Pros & Cons:-
Pros:- We don't have to create separate CSS file. We can give CSS on the flow.
Cons:- The code becomes ugly as we have to apply className for each small styling & it becomes lengthy.(go & see in Tailwind how it looks.)

1. Tailwind is very light weight bcoz let's say in our app we have className = "p-4/m-2" at multiple places.Then parcel will bundle our whole css and it will include p-4/m-2 only 1 time & the bundle size becomes less.

2. Tailwind offers us everything we can think of when it comes to CSS styling.

3. Duplication is not there in Tailwind.We can also do responsive design.

4. We can also apply dark mode in our app using Tailwind which is very important nowdays.Most company following it.

[Go & explore & read Tailwind Docs more for exciting & new features.]
