# Part-1

1. Redux manages state/data of our App.
2. Redux works in data layer. It is used for handling state of our App.
3. Redux is not mandatory bcoz everybody are in a practice now a days to use Redux.If our App is small and not that big then without Redux also we can build a optimal App.If we need to build a very big App which needs to be scalabale then using Redux makes sense.
4. React & Redux are diffrent libraries.Most people thinks that they are same / Redux is part of React.(Zustand is also a similar kind of library as Redux.Explore Redux & Zustand Docs.)
5. Advantage of Redux is it offers easy debugging.Our Application becomes easier to debug.

# Part-2

Redux have 2 libraries :-

1. React-Redux => Official React bindings for Redux
2. React Tool-Kit(RTK) => This is the new way to write Redux.Earlier writing code with Vanilla Redux was too complicated & lengthy.

# Part-3

Building Cart(by using Redux)
-> Add to Cart
-> To store all Cart information we will be using Redux Store.

=>Redux Store is big JS object with a lot of data inside it & is kept at a central place.So, that every component can access it.

Q. So,is it good to keep all the data inside the Redux Store ?
Ans:- Yes , it's totally fine but for a more optimal case there are slices inside the Redux store.And this slices are actually logical separation. i.e each slice have their own task.

What all things we can place inside Redux Store?
-> Cart Info
-> User Info
-> Info about Theme of our UI

# Writing Data

(Dispatch) => to send someone/something quickly to a particular place for a particular purpose.

When we click ADD button -----> It dispatches an action ------> that action will call a function -------> And this function will modify the Cart internally.(And this function is called Reducer.)

-> And this Reducer function updates the slice of the Redux Store.
-> So, in the above discussion we knew that this is the path of how we write Data.

# Reading Data

Now, I want that the info inside Redux Store(R.S) Cart, I want to get it in the Cart Item Icon (no. of items) in the UI.

Q.How to get data from the R.S cart?
Ans:- For that we use Selector.

Selector (subscribing to the store) => Actually our Header Component is subscribing the R.S cart.It is actually in sync with the R.S cart. Whenever, the store changes the Header Component also changes.

And, we subscribe it by using selector.
(Refer the pic Redux Architecture.jpg or else u can find it in React-assignment folder.)

# Part-4

-> configureStore = will gives us a Store for our React application.It comes from RTK.
-> Now, we will provide the store to our application.We will do this using {Provider} which comes from react-redux.

So, configuring us a store is job of React Tool-Kit.
And , providing us that configured store to our App is job of React-Redux.

Wrap only those part of your App with {Provider} on which you want to apply Redux.

So, we will use useSelector which is actually a hook coming from React-redux.

# Immer Library

(Go & Explore this libarary)

Redux actually uses Immer Library which finds the diffrence b/w Original State & Mutated State and give us back the new state i.e a new copy of the state which is immutable state.

--> We have added { Redux Dev Tools } extension which is excellent for analyzing / debugging our Redux code in our App.

Go to RTK & read about RTK query and explore RTK.
